* Annotation
  * @Id: Define an identifier
  * @Temporal
  * @GeneratedValue: automatically generate the primary key value
    * Auto: If we're using the default generation type, the persistence provider will determine values based on the type of the primary key attribute
    * Identity: values generated by an identity column in the database and this mean auto increment
    * Sequence: This generator uses sequences if our database support them. It switches to table generation if they aren't supported.
    * Table Generation: uses an underlying database table that holds segments of identifier generation values.

* Data Transfer Object
  * A class that is used for public display of another object in the app
    * DTO's protect private information.
    * Bundles of information: Suppose you wanted to combine two classes into one object
    * Can provide additional information
    * The DTO is the public-facing version of the object, the internal model can change without causing breaking changes to an application
* MapStruct: a Java Bean mapper
  * This Api contains functions that automatically map between two Java beans. With MapStruct, we only need to create the interface, and the library will automatically create a concrete implementation during compile time.
  * 
* Bean scopes
  * singleton: Scopes a single bean definition to a single object instance per Spring IoC Container
  * prototype: Scopes a single bean definition to any number of object instances

* Soft Delete
  * Soft delete performs an update process to mark some data as deleted instead of physically deleting it from a table in the database.
  * A common way to implement soft delete is to add a field that will indicate whether data has been deleted or not.
  * How to create soft delete:
    * First, we have to create a deleted property with the default value set as False
    * Second, we will be to override the delete command in the JPA repository. By default, the delete command in JPA repository will run a SQL delete query -> Add some annotations @SQLDelete(sql = "UPDATE table_product SET deleted = true WHERE id=?")
      @Where(clause = "deleted = false")

* Relationship
  * 1 Account have many roles
  * 1 roles belong to many account